🤙 Introduce useCall hook (#499)
EthWorks/useDApp: docs/source/guide.rst

    address: string | Falsy
  ) {
    const [tokenBalance] =

>       useContractCall(

Reviewer: Needs update.

Author: ✅

        address &&
          tokenAddress && {

>             contract: contract: new Contract(tokenAddress, ERC20Interface), // instance of called contract

Reviewer: Duplicated: `contract:`

Reviewer: Feature to consider in future PRs:
contract: createContract(tokenAddress, ERC20Interface)

    spenderAddress: string | Falsy
  ) {
    const [allowance] =

>       useCall(

Author: ✅

Using hooks considerations
==========================

> There are some important considerations when using hooks based on `useFailableChainCall`, `useFailableChainCalls`, `useCall` and `useCalls`.

Author: ```suggestion
There are some important considerations when using hooks based on `useRawCall`, `useRawCalls`, `useCall` and `useCalls`.
```
